Is your character a Hybrid?
Is your character based on Community-Made Original Species?
Is your character a Protogen or Primagen?
Is your character a Dutch Angel Dragon?
Is your character a Manokit?
Is your character a Sergal?
Is your character a Wickerbeast?
Is your character based on another original species that hasn't been listed?
Is your character based on a Real-World Animal Group?
Is your character a Canine?
Is your character a Domestic Dog?
Is your character a mixed breed (Mutt)?
Is your character a specific dog breed?
Is your character a small dog breed?
Is your character a Chihuahua?
Is your character a Corgi?
Is your character a Dachshund?
Is your character a Pomeranian?  
Is your character a Shiba Inu?
Is your character a Yorkshire Terrier?
Is your character a medium dog breed?
Is your character an Australian Shepherd?
Is your character a Beagle?
Is your character a Border Collie?
Is your character a Boxer?
Is your character a Bulldog?
Is your character a Cocker Spaniel?
Is your character a Dalmatian?
Is your character a Shetland Sheepdog (Sheltie)?
Is your character a large dog breed?
Is your character a Bernese?
Is your character a Doberman?
Is your character a German Shepherd?
Is your character a Golden Retriever?
Is your character a Great Dane?
Is your character a Husky?
Is your character a Malamute?
Is your character a Mastiff?
Is your character a Labrador Retriever?
Is your character a Rottweiler?
Is your character a Saint Bernard?
Is your character a Wild Canine?
Is your character a wolf?
Is your character a specific type of wolf?
Is your character a gray wolf?
Is your character an arctic wolf?
Is your character a red wolf?
Is your character another type of wolf that hasn't been listed?
Is your character a fox?
Is your character a specific type of fox?
Is your character a red fox?
Is your character a fennec fox?
Is your character an arctic fox?
Is your character a bat-eared fox?
Is your character a corsac fox?
Is your character another type of fox that hasn't been listed?
Is your character a coyote?
Is your character a jackal?
Is your character a dhole?
Is your character a maned wolf?
Is your character a Feline?
Is your character a Domestic Cat?
Is your character a Mixed Breed (Moggy)?
Is your character a Specific Cat Breed?
Is your character a Small/Slender Cat Breed?
Is your character a Siamese Cat?
Is your character an Oriental Shorthair Cat?
Is your character a Devon Rex Cat?
Is your character a Sphynx Cat?
Is your character a Medium/Average-Sized Cat Breed?
Is your character an American Shorthair Cat?
Is your character a British Shorthair Cat?
Is your character a Russian Blue Cat?
Is your character a Scottish Fold Cat?
Is your character a Ragdoll Cat?
Is your character a Large/Fluffy Cat Breed?
Is your character a Maine Coon Cat?
Is your character a Norwegian Forest Cat?
Is your character a Persian Cat?
Is your character a Ragamuffin Cat?
Is your character a Wild Feline?
Is your character a Big Wild Feline?
Is your character a Lion?
Is your character a Tiger?
Is your character a Leopard?
Is your character a Jaguar?
Is your character a Snow Leopard?
Is your character a Cougar/Puma/Mountain Lion?
Is your character a Cheetah?
Is your character a Small Wild Feline?
Is your character a Lynx/Bobcat?
Is your character a Caracal?
Is your character a Serval?
Is your character a Fishing Cat?
Is your character a Sand Cat?
Is your character a Margay/Ocelot?
Is your character an Ursine (Bear)?
Is your character a specific ursine species?
Is your character a brown/grizzly bear?
Is your character a polar bear?
Is your character a black bear?
Is your character a kodiak bear?
Is your character a panda bear?
Is your character a sun bear?
Is your character a sloth bear?
Is your character a Hyena?
Is your character a specific type of hyena?
Is your character a Spotted Hyena?
Is your character a Striped Hyena?
Is your character a Brown Hyena?
Is your character an Aardwolf?
Is your character an Ungulate (hoofed mammal)?
Is your character an equine?
Is your character a horse?
Is your character a donkey?
Is your character a zebra?
Is your character a mule?
Is your character a bovine?
Is your character a cow or cattle?
Is your character a yak?
Is your character a bison?
Is your character a buffalo?
Is your character an ox?
Is your character a cervid (deer family)?
Is your character a deer or caribou?
Is your character a moose?
Is your character an elk?
Is your character a caprine?
Is your character a goat?
Is your character a sheep?
Is your character a suid (pigs & boars)?
Is your character a domestic pig?
Is your character a wild boar?
Is your character a warthog?
Is your character a babirusa?
Is your character a camelid?
Is your character a camel?
Is your character a dromedary?
Is your character a llama?
Is your character an alpaca?
Is your character a guanaco?
Is your character a vicuna?
Is your character a girraffid?
Is your character a giraffe?
Is your character an okapi?
Is your character a rhinoceros?
Is your character a tapir?
Is your character a hippopotamus
Is your character a Reptile?
Is your character a lizard?
Is your character a specific species of lizard?
Is your character a gecko?
Is your character a komodo dragon?
Is your character an iguana?
Is your character a skink?
Is your character a chameleon?
Is your character an anole?
Is your character a snake?
Is your character a constrictor species of snake?
Is your character a boa?
Is your character a python?
Is your character a venomous species of snake?
Is your character a cobra?
Is your character a viper?
Is your character a rattlesnake?
Is your character a mamba?
Is your character a coral snake?
Is your character a colubrid species of snake?
Is your character a non-venomous species of snake?
Is your character a turtle or tortoise?
Is your character a land tortoise?
Is your character a freshwater turtle?
Is your character a sea turtle?
Is your character a crocodilian?
Is your character a crocodile?
Is your character an alligator or caiman?
Is your character a gharial?
Is your character a prehistoric or extinct reptile?
Is your character a land-dwelling extinct reptile?
Is your character a dinosaur?
Is your character a theropod (bipedal carnivore)?
Is your character a sauropod (long neck & tail herbivore)?
Is your character a ceratopsian (large frills & facial horns herbivore)?
Is your character a hadrosaurid (duck-billed herbivore, often crested)?
Is your character a stegosaurid (bony plates & spiked tail herbivore)?
Is your character an ankylosaurid (armored herbivore with club tail)?
Is your character a land-dwelling extinct reptile (e.g., early archosaurs, non-dinosaur prehistoric lizards)
Is your character a water-dwelling extinct reptile?
Is your character a plesiosaur?
Is your character a mosasaur?
Is your character an ichthyosaur?
Is your character a winged extinct reptile (pterosaurs)?
Is your character a Pteranodon?
Is your character a Quetzalcoatlus?
Is your character an Avian?
Is your character a specific species of avian?
Is your character a songbird avian?
Is your character a sparrow?
Is your character a robin?
Is your character a finch?
Is your character a canary?
Is your character a nightingale?
Is your character a raptor avian?
Is your character a hawk?
Is your character an eagle?
Is your character a falcon?
Is your character an osprey?
Is your character a harrier?
Is your character a waterfowl avian?
Is your character a duck?
Is your character a goose?
Is your character a swan?
Is your character a teal?
Is your character a merganser?
Is your character a flightless bird?
Is your character an ostrich?
Is your character an emu?
Is your character a penguin?
Is your character a kiwi?
Is your character a cassowary?
Is your character a parrot?
Is your character a macaw?
Is your character a cockatoo?
Is your character a budgerigar (budgie)?
Is your character an African grey parrot?
Is your character an Amazon parrot?
Is your character an Amphibian?
Is your character a frog or toad?
Is your character a tree frog?
Is your character a poison dart frog?
Is your character a bullfrog?
Is your character a toad?
Is your character a salamander or newt?
Is your character a tiger salamander?
Is your character a axolotl?
Is your character a newt?
Is your character a caecilian (limbless, vermiform, or serpentine amphibian)?
Is your character a common caecilian?
Is your character a rubber eel caecilian?
Is your character an Insect?
Is your character a type of beetle?
Is your character a ladybug?
Is your character a stag beetle?
Is your character a scarab beetle?
Is your character a rhinoceros beetle?
Is your character a type of ant?
Is your character a carpenter ant?
Is your character a fire ant?
Is your character a butterfly?
Is your character a moth?
Is your character a honeybee?
Is your character a bumblebee?
Is your character a yellowjacket wasp?
Is your character a grasshopper?
Is your character a cricket?
Is your character a dragonfly?
Is your character a damselfly?
Is your character Aquatic?
Is your character a type of marine mammal?
Is your character a dolphin?
Is your character a whale?
Is your character a pinniped (e.g. seal, sea lion, walrus)?
Is your character a seal?
Is your character a harbor seal (species)?
Is your character a gray seal (species)?
Is your character a leopard seal (species)?
Is your character an elephant seal (species)?
Is your character a sea lion?
Is your character a california sea lion (species)?
Is your character a steller sea lion (species)?
Is your character a walrus?
Is your character an atlantic walrus (species)?
Is your character a pacific walrus (species)?
Is your character a specific species of fish?
Is your character a salmon?
Is your character a clownfish?
Is your character a goldfish?
Is your character a guppy?
Is your character a betta fish?
Is your character a angelfish?
Is your character a type of crustacean?
Is your character a crab?
Is your character a lobster?
Is your character a shrimp?
Is your character a prawn?
Is your character a type of cephalopod?
Is your character an octopus?
Is your character a squid?
Is your character a cuttlefish?
Is your character a type of mollusk?
Is your character a clam?
Is your character an oyster?
Is your character a sea snail?
Is your character a conch?
Is your character a shark?
Is your character a ray or skate?
Is your character a coral?
Is your character a sponge?
Is your character a starfish?
Is your character a sea urchin?
Is your character a sand dollar?
Is your character a Rodent?
Is your character a mouse?
Is your character a house mouse?
Is your character a deer mouse?
Is your character a rat?
Is your character a brown rat (species)?
Is your character a black rat (species)?
Is your character a squirrel?
Is your character a tree squirrel (species)?
Is your character a ground squirrel (species)?
Is your character a flying squirrel (species)?
Is your character a beaver?
Is your character a North American beaver (species)?
Is your character a Eurasian beaver (species)?
Is your character a guinea pig?
Is your character a domestic guinea pig (species)?
Is your character a wild cavy (species)?
Is your character a chipmunk?
Is your character an eastern chipmunk (species)?
Is your character a siberian chipmunk (species)?
Is your character a marmot?
Is your character a yellow-bellied marmot (species)?
Is your character a groundhog (species)?
Is your character a porcupine?
Is your character a north american porcupine (species)?
Is your character a african crested porcupine (species)?
Is your character a Marsupial?
Is your character a kangaroo?
Is your character a red kangaroo (species)?
Is your character an eastern grey kangaroo (species)?
Is your character a western grey kangaroo (species)?
Is your character a wallaby?
Is your character a swamp wallaby (species)?
Is your character a brush-tailed rock-wallaby (species)?
Is your character a possum?
Is your character a common brushtail possum (species)?
Is your character a ringtail possum (species)?
Is your character a koala?
Is your character a bandicoot?
Is your character a northern brown bandicoot (species)?
Is your character a southern brown bandicoot (species)?
Is your character a wombat?
Is your character a common wombat (species)?
Is your character a southern hairy-nosed wombat (species)?
Is your character a Primate?
Is your character a monkey?
Is your character a capuchin monkey (species)?
Is your character a macaque (species)?
Is your character a howler monkey (species)?
Is your character a spider monkey (species)?
Is your character an ape?
Is your character a chimpanzee?
Is your character a gorilla?
Is your character an orangutan?
Is your character a gibbon?
Is your character a lemur?
Is your character a ring-tailed lemur (species)?
Is your character an indri lemur (species)?
Is your character a sifaka lemur (species)?
Is your character a tarsier?
Is your character a Mustelid?
Is your character a weasel?
Is your character a least weasel (species)?
Is your character a long-tailed weasel (species)?
Is your character a stoat (species)?
Is your character a ferret?
Is your character a domestic ferret (species)?
Is your character a black-footed ferret (species)?
Is your character a mink?
Is your character an american mink (species)?
Is your character a european mink (species)?
Is your character an otter?
Is your character a north american river otter (species)?
Is your character a sea otter (species)?
Is your character a giant otter (species)?
Is your character a badger?
Is your character a European badger (species)?
Is your character an American badger (species)?
Is your character a Procyonid (e.g. raccoons, coatis.)?
Is your character a raccoon?
Is your character a common raccoon (species)?
Is your character a crab-eating raccoon (species)?
Is your character a coati?
Is your character a white-nosed coati (species)?
Is your character a ring-tailed coati (species)?
Is your character a kinkajou?
Is your character a ring-tailed cat?
Is your character an olingo?
Is your character a tanuki?
Is your character an Arachnid?
Is your character a spider?
Is your character a tarantula spider (species)?
Is your character a jumping spider (species)?
Is your character an orb-weaver spider (species)?
Is your character a wolf spider (species)?
Is your character a black widow spider (species)?
Is your character a daddy long-legs spider (species)?
Is your character a scorpion?
Is your character an emperor scorpion (species)?
Is your character a deathstalker scorpion (species)?
Is your character a tick?
Is your character a mite?
Is your character a Bat?
Is your character a megabat?
Is your character a flying fox bat (species)?
Is your character an egyptian fruit bat (species)?
Is your character a microbat?
Is your character a little brown bat (species)?
Is your character a big brown bat (species)?
Is your character a vampire bat?
Is your character a common vampire bat (species)?
Is your character a hairy-legged vampire bat (species)?
Is your character a white-winged vampire bat (species)?
Is your character an Annelid (worm)?
Is your character an earthworm?
Is your character a leech?
Is your character a Pokémon?
Is your character a Legendary or Mythical Pokémon?
Is your character an Eevee or one of its evolutions (an "Eeveelution")?
Is your character primarily identified by its type?
Is your character a starter Pokémon (or one of its evolutions)?
Is your character a Fire-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Water-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Grass-type Pokémon?
Is your character an Electric-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Fighting-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Psychic-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Ghost-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Dragon-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Rock or Ground-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Normal-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Flying-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Dark-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Steel-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Fairy-type Pokémon?
Is your character a Digimon?
Is your character a Rookie (Child) level Digimon?
Is your character a Champion (Adult) level Digimon?
Is your character an Ultimate (Perfect) level Digimon?
Is your character a Mega (Ultimate) level Digimon?
Is your character a Royal Knight or a high-ranking Digimon?
Is your character a Demon Lord Digimon?
Is your character an Appmon?
Is your character a X-Antibody Digimon?
Is your character a Hybrid/Spirit Digimon?
Is your character an unconfirmed or unknown level Digimon?
Is your character a Mythological Creature?
Is your character of Egyptian mythological origin?
Is your character related to Anubis?
Is your character related to Bastet?
Is your character a dragon?
Is your character a Western dragon (typically four-legged and winged)?
Is your character an Eastern or Lung dragon (typically serpentine and often wingless)?
Is your character a Wyvern (two legs, two wings)?
Is your character a Drake (four-legged and wingless)?
Is your character a gryphon?
Is your character a unicorn?
Is your character a kitsune?
Is your character a sphinx?
Is your character a phoenix?
Is your character a hippogriff?
Is your character a cerberus?
Is your character a gargoyle?
Is your character a manticore?
Is your character a Kirin or Qilin?
Is your character a Peryton?
Is your character a werewolf or werecreature?
Is your character a werewolf (human-wolf)?
Is your character a werecat (human-feline)?
Is your character a chimera or multi-animal fusion?
Is your character a demon?
Is your character an angel?
Is your character a cryptid?
Is your character a Bigfoot or Sasquatch?
Is your character a Mothman?
Is your character a Chupacabra?
Is your character a Jersey Devil?
Is your character a Loch Ness Monster?
Is your character an alien?
Is your character a parasite?
Is your character a robot/android/cyborg?
Is your character a fantastical species not based on real-world animals or traditional mythology (e.g., a creature unique to its fictional universe)?
Is your character's species unidentifiable or unknown?
Fictional Media / Cultural Origin / Pop Culture
Is your character from a fictional media or cultural origin?
Is your character from an anime or Japanese media?
Is your character from Beastars?
Is your character from BNA: Brand New Animal?
Is your character from Aggretsuko?
Is your character from Kemono Friends?
Is your character from a video game?
Is your character from a Nintendo game?
Is your character from the Super Mario series?
Is your character from the Star Fox series?
Is your character from the Animal Crossing series?
Is your character from the Donkey Kong Country series?
Is your character from the Kirby series?
Is your character from a Sega game?
Is your character from the Sonic the Hedgehog series?
Is your character from Nights into Dreams?
Is your character from Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg?
Is your character from an Activision Blizzard game?
Is your character from the Crash Bandicoot series?
Is your character from the Spyro the Dragon series?
Is your character from an independent game developer or other publisher?
Is your character from Night in the Woods?
Is your character from Dust: An Elysian Tail?
Is your character from Cult of the Lamb?
Is your character from Undertale or Deltarune?
Is your character from Five Nights at Freddy's?
Is your character from the Ori series?
Is your character from the Sly Cooper series?
Is your character from a book/comic?
Is your character from a book?
Is your character from a Fantasy book?
Is your character from the "Redwall" series?
Is your character from the "Warriors" series?
Is your character from the "Wings of Fire" series?
Is your character from an Adventure or Classic Animal Literature book?
Is your character from "Watership Down"?
Is your character from "Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH"?
Is your character from "The Jungle Book"?
Is your character from "The Wind in the Willows"?
Is your character from the "Silverwing" series?
Is your character from a Children's or Young Adult book (not primarily fantasy/adventure)?
Is your character from a Beatrix Potter book (e.g., The Tale of Peter Rabbit)?
Is your character from a Winnie-the-Pooh book?
Is your character from a Paddington Bear book?
Is your character from a Curious George book?
Is your character from a Clifford the Big Red Dog book?
Is your character from a comic or graphic novel?
Is your character from "Usagi Yojimbo"?
Is your character from "Blacksad"?
Is your character from "Mouse Guard"?
Is your character from "Fables"?
Is your character from "Maus"?
Is your character from "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (comic series origin)?
Is your character from a movie/film?
Is your character from Disney?
Is your character from "Zootopia"?
Is your character from "The Lion King"?
Is your character from "Robin Hood"?
Is your character from "Brother Bear"?
Is your character from Pixar?
Is your character from "Finding Nemo" or "Finding Dory"?
Is your character from "Monsters, Inc." or "Monsters University"?
Is your character from "Cars" series?
Is your character from DreamWorks?
Is your character from the "Kung Fu Panda" series?
Is your character from the "Shrek" series?
Is your character from the "Madagascar" series?
Is your character from the "How to Train Your Dragon" series?
Is your character from Blue Sky Studios/20th Century Fox?
Is your character from the "Ice Age" series?
Is your character from "Rio"?
Is your character from Warner Bros?
Is your character from "Space Jam" (original or "A New Legacy")?
Is your character from "Who Framed Roger Rabbit"?
Is your character from "Looney Tunes: Back in Action"?
Is your character from an independent film studio?
Is your character from "Fantastic Mr. Fox"?
Is your character from "Sing" or "Sing 2"?
Is your character from "The Secret of NIMH"?
Is your character from "The Land Before Time" series?
Is your character from "Flow"?
Is your character from a cartoon or animated TV series?
Is your character from a classic Looney Tunes or Merrie Melodies cartoon?
Is your character from Scooby-Doo?
Is your character from Tom & Jerry?
Is your character from Yogi Bear?
Is your character from Cartoon Network?
Is your character from Steven Universe?
Is your character from The Amazing World of Gumball?
Is your character from We Bare Bears?
Is your character from Regular Show?
Is your character from Adventure Time?
Is your character from Teen Titans Go?
Is your character from Ben 10 (any series)?
Is your character from Dexter's Laboratory?
Is your character from The Powerpuff Girls?
Is your character from Ed, Edd n Eddy?
Is your character from Courage the Cowardly Dog?
Is your character from Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends?
Is your character from Nickelodeon?
Is your character from Teen Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Is your character from Spongebob SquarePants
Is your character from The Loud House?
Is your character from Rugrats?
Is your character from Hey Arnold!?
Is your character from The Fairly OddParents?
Is your character from Invader Zim?
Is your character from Danny Phantom?
Is your character from Avatar: The Last Airbender or The Legend of Korra?
Is your character from Ren & Stimpy?
Is your character from Rocko's Modern Life?
Is your character from an adult animated series?
Is your character from BoJack Horseman?
Is your character from Family Guy?
Is your character from South Park?
Is your character from Futurama?
Is your character from Rick and Morty?
Is your character from The Simpsons?
Is your character from American Dad!?
Is your character from Hazbin Hotel or Helluva Boss?
Is your character from a Disney Channel/XD/Junior animated series?
Is your character from Phineas & Ferb?
Is your character from Gravity Falls?
Is your character from Bluey?
Is your character from The Owl House?
Is your character from Amphibia?
Is your character from DuckTales?
Is your character from Kim Possible?
Is your character from another cartoon or animated TV series that hasn't been listed?
Is your character from a Webcomic or Webseries?
Is your character from "TwoKinds"?
Is your character from "Housepets!"?
Is your character from "Lackadaisy"?
Is your character from a Tabletop Role-Playing Game (TTRPG)?
Is your character from "Dungeons & Dragons"?
Is your character from "Pathfinder"?
Is your character primarily known from an Online Community or Internet Phenomenon (e.g., a meme character, a character from a specific online art community)?
Is your character bipedal (walks on two legs)?
Is your character quadrupedal (walks on four legs)?
Is your character limbless or serpentine (e.g., snake-like, worm-like)?
Is your character a hybrid of stances (e.g., can switch between bipedal and quadrupedal, or has more than 4 limbs)?
Does your character have a feral stance?
Is your character primarily a single, solid color?
Is your character primarily Neutral colored?
Is your character predominantly colored Black?
Is your character predominantly colored White?
Is your character predominantly colored Gray?
Is your character predominantly colored Brown (including tan, beige, cream)?
Is your character primarily Warm colored?
Is your character predominantly colored Red (including natural animal shades like fox red, ginger, and bright reds)?
Is your character predominantly colored Orange?
Is your character predominantly colored Yellow?
Is your character predominantly colored Pink (including magenta, fuchsia)?
Is your character primarily Cold colored?
Is your character predominantly colored Blue (including light blue, navy, teal)?
Is your character predominantly colored Green (including lime, forest green)?
Is your character predominantly colored Purple (including lavender, violet)?
Is your character's primary color metallic or iridescent (e.g., gold, silver, bronze, shimmering scales)?
Is your character predominantly colored Gold?
Is your character predominantly colored Silver?
Is your character predominantly colored Bronze?
Is your character primarily double-colored?
Does your character have any Red color (including natural animal shades like fox red, ginger, and bright reds)?
Does your character have any Orange color?
Does your character have any Yellow color?
Does your character have any Green color (including lime, forest green)?
Does your character have any Blue color (including light blue, navy, teal)?
Does your character have any Purple color (including lavender, violet)?
Does your character have any Pink color (including magenta, fuchsia)?
Does your character have any Black color?
Does your character have any Gray color?
Does your character have any White color?
Does your character have any Brown color?
Is your character transparent or translucent?
Is your character multi-chromatic/rainbow colored?
Does your character have a distinct pattern?
Does your character have stripes?
Does your character have spots?
Does your character have patches or gradients?
Does your character have a symbol on their body?
Does your character have a complex or unique pattern?
Is your character multi-colored with no distinct pattern (e.g., mottled, speckled, marbled)?
Does your character possess physical features commonly associated with humans or humanoids?
Does your character have human-like ears (e.g., distinct from or in addition to animal ears, or visible through hair)?
Does your character have hair (distinct from fur/feathers/scales covering the body)?
Does your character have long hair (e.g., past shoulders)?
Does your character have short hair (e.g., pixie, buzzcut, above shoulders)?
Does your character have a specific hair style (e.g., mohawk, dreadlocks, braids, ponytail, styled bangs)?
Is your character's hair unusually colored or patterned (e.g., unnatural colors, streaks, complex designs)?
Does your character have human-like hands or feet (e.g., five distinct digits, opposable thumbs, human-like nails)?
Does your character have wings?
Does your character have feathered wings?
Does your character have leathery wings (e.g., bat-like, dragon-like)?
Does your character have insectoid wings?
Does your character has vestigial or non-functional wings?
Does your character have wings that are unusually large or small for their species?
Does your character have multiple pairs of wings?
Does your character have horns or antlers?
Does your character have large and prominent horns/antlers?
Does your character have small and subtle horns/antlers??
Does your character have unusually shaped or patterned horns/antlers?
Does your character have a tail?
Does your character have multiple tails?
Does your character have a comically large tail?
Does your character have a small/nub tail?
Does your character have an unusually shaped or featured tail?
Does your character have prominent claws, fangs, or spikes?
Does your character use their claws/fangs/spikes for combat or defense?
Does your character have unique eye features?
Does your character have multiple eyes?
Does your character have glowing eyes?
Does your character have an unusual pupil shape (e.g., slit, horizontal, complex, non-existent)?
Is one of your character's body parts alive or sentient (e.g., a sentient tail, a detached sentient limb)?
Does your character have a sentient body part detached from the main body?
Does your character have a sentient body part that has a distinct personality or mind from the main character?
Does your character have a distinct body covering?
Is your character's primary covering fur (e.g., short, long, shaggy)?
Is your character's primary covering scales?
Is your character's primary covering feathers?
Is your character's primary covering smooth skin or hide?
Is your character usually seen wearing clothing or body accessories?
Does your character wear typical human clothing (e.g., shirt, pants, dress, socks)?
Does your character wear armor?
Does your character wear a scarf(s)?
Does your character wear a hat(s)?
Does your character wear a collar(s)?
Does your character wear a piercing(s)?
Does your character wear a piercing on their nose (septum)?
Does your character wear a cape?
Is your character usually seen as having almost no clothing?
Is your character usually seen as naked?
Is your character's height normal-sized?
Is your character's height smaller than normal?
Is your character's height bigger than normal?
Does your character have an unidentifiable height, or frequently changes size?
Is your character slim or slender?
Is your character buff or muscular?
Is your character average/medium build?
Is your character bulky/heavy-set/chubby?
Is your character very fat or blob-sized?
Is your character's build unidentifiable or changes frequently?
Does your character have fur?
Does your character have long and fluffy fur?
Does your character have short or sleek fur?
Does your character have feathers?
Does your character have long feathers?
Does your character have short feathers?
Does your character have scales?
Does your character have rough skin?
Is your character's body-coat type irrelevant or unidentifiable?
Does your character identify as a male?
Does your character identify as a female?
Does your character identify as transgender (does not align with the sex they were assigned at birth)?
Does your character identify as non-binary (not exclusively male or female)?
Does your character identify as genderfluid or genderflux (changes over time or varies in intensity)?
Does your character identify as agender or genderless (don't identify with any gender)?
Does your character identify as pangender (they identify as all genders)?
Does your character identify as heterosexual or straight (primarily attracted to people of the opposite gender)?
Does your character identify as homosexual (gay/lesbian) (primarily attracted to people of the same gender)?
Does your character identify as bisexual (attracted to both men and women)?
Does your character identify as pansexual (attracted to people regardless of their gender)?
Does your character identify as asexual (experiences little or no sexual attraction)?
Does your character identify as demisexual (experiences sexual attraction only after forming a strong emotional bond)?
Is your character generally heroic or good-aligned?
Is your character a villain or evil-aligned?
Is your character an anti-hero or morally ambiguous?
Is your character neutral or morally unaligned?
Is your character's alignment/disposition unidentifiable or irrelevant?
Does your character possess special abilities or powers?
Does your character use magic or supernatural powers?
Does your character rely on advanced technology or gadgets?
Does your character have extraordinary physical abilities (e.g., super strength, speed, agility)?
Does your character primarily use natural animal abilities (e.g., sharp claws, keen senses, natural camouflage)?
Does your character have no special powers or abilities?
Is your character highly intelligent or exceptionally bright?
Does your character possess advanced problem-solving skills as part of their intelligence?
Does your character have extensive knowledge in specific fields as part of their intelligence?
Is your character of average intelligence or comparable to a typical human?
Is your character simple-minded, foolish, or intellectually limited?
Does your character often make naive or illogical decisions due to their intelligence?
Does your character have significant difficulty with complex tasks due to their intelligence?
Is your character sentient (capable of feeling and perceiving)?
Is your character sentient in a traditional biological sense (e.g., human, animal)?
Is your character sentient in a non-traditional way (e.g., an artificial intelligence, a magical construct, a sentient object)?
Is your character non-sentient or primarily driven by instinct (e.g., an animal with basic awareness, a mindless creature)?
Does your character possess unique cognitive abilities or perceptions?
Does your character have heightened sensory perception beyond normal limits (e.g., super sight, enhanced hearing)?
Does your character have an unusual way of processing information or perceiving reality?
Does your character have special cognitive abilities (e.g., photographic memory, rapid calculation, perfect recall)?
Is your character a leader or in a position of authority within a hierarchy?
Does your character lead a large organization or nation?
Does your character lead a small group or team?
Does your character hold a position of authority but not direct leadership (e.g., a judge, a high-ranking official)?
Does your character's leadership or authority status primarily involve being a ruler or monarch?
Is your character a follower or part of a group within a hierarchy?
Does your character follow a specific leader or individual?
Does your character belong to a military or disciplined organization?
Does your character belong to a non-military group, team, or community?
Does your character adhere to a strict set of rules or chain of command in a hierarchy?
Is your character independent or solitary within a hierarchy?
Does your character primarily work alone or operate independently?
Does your character reject all forms of hierarchy or authority?
Is your character an outcast or exile from a societal hierarchy?
Does your character have a specific profession or social standing?
1. Is your character primarily involved in combat or protection?
Is your character a warrior, knight, or soldier?
Is your character a guard, mercenary, or bounty hunter?
Is your character an assassin or rogue?
Is your character primarily involved in knowledge, magic, or creation?
Is your character a scholar, librarian, or teacher?
Is your character a scientist, inventor, or engineer?
Is your character a mage, wizard, or sorcerer?
Is your character a healer, medic, or druid?
Is your character primarily involved in trade, craft, or common labor?
Is your character a merchant, trader, or shopkeeper?
Is your character a craftsperson or artisan (e.g., blacksmith, tailor, baker, artist)?
Is your character a farmer, miner, or laborer?
Is your character a servant or performer?
Is your character primarily involved in social leadership or hierarchy?
Is your character royalty (e.g., king, queen, prince, princess)?
Is your character nobility (e.g., duke, count, lord)?
Is your character a religious leader (e.g., priest, cleric, shaman)?
Is your character a political leader or official (e.g., mayor, governor)?
Is your character primarily an outlaw or trickster?
Is your character a thief, bandit, or pirate?
Is your character a trickster or prankster?
Is your character a common citizen with no specific role/occupation?
Is your character's role/occupation unidentifiable or irrelevant?
Does your character carry or use specific and identifiable accessories or props?
Does your character carry or use a signature weapon?
Does your character carry or use melee weapon (e.g., sword, axe, dagger, spear, club)?
Does your character carry or use ranged weapon (e.g., bow, crossbow, firearm, throwing knife)?
Does your character carry or use magical weapon (e.g., staff, wand, enchanted blade)?
Does your character carry or use an unconventional or unique weapon (e.g., whip, gauntlet, specialized gadget)?
Does your character utilize a specific tool or distinctive prop?
Does your character carry or use a container or bag (e.g., a distinctive backpack, satchel)?
Does your character carry or use a musical instrument or artistic tool (e.g., a guitar, paintbrush, easel)?
Does your character carry or use an item for knowledge or information (e.g., a unique book, scroll, map, journal)?
Does your character carry or use a functional or professional tool (e.g., a camera, toolkit, scientific instrument, lockpicks)?
Does your character carry or use tools/props that are unidentifiable or irrelevant?
Does your character possess a unique magical artifact or relic?
Does your character possess a magical orb or crystal?
Does your character possess an enchanted piece of jewelry or amulet?
Does your character possess a magical book or scroll?
Does your character possess a cursed object?
Does your character have a specific type of communication device (e.g., a unique radio, a distinctive phone)?
Does your character have a modern electronic device (e.g., smartphone, tablet, laptop)?
Does your character have an old-fashioned or analog device (e.g., unique radio, telegraph)?
Does your character have a magical or supernatural communication device?
Does your character carry a specific type of food or drink item (e.g., a signature lollipop, an iconic bottle)?
Does your character carry a sweet food item (e.g., candy, pastry, lollipop)?
Does your character carry a specific type of fruit or vegetable?
Does your character carry a savory food item (e.g., bread, sandwich, chicken nuggets)?
Does your character carry a unique or iconic bottled/canned drink?
Does your character carry an alcoholic beverage?
Does your character carry a food/drink item that is unidentifiable or irrelevant?
Do they have other specific identifying accessories/props not listed?
Does your characters carry accessories/props that are unidentifiable or irrelevant?
Does your character have significant relationships or affiliations?
Is your character part of a defined group or organization?
Is your character part of a team, guild, or adventuring party?
Is your character part of a military or law enforcement organization?
Is your character part of a criminal organization or gang?
Is your character part of a family group or clan?
Is your character part of a religious or spiritual order?
Does your character have notable family relationships?
Does your character have a living parent or guardian figure?
Does your character have a sibling?
Does your character have a spouse/husband or significant other?
Does your character have a child or protégé?
Does your character have a specific friend or ally they are known for?
Does your character is a very close friend or best friend to another character?
Is your character a mentor figure?
Is your character an animal companion or pet?
Does your character have a prominent rival or enemy?
Does your character have a personal nemesis or arch-enemy?
Does your character has a rival from a competing group or faction?
Is your character primarily solitary or an outcast?
Is your character's primary setting tied to a specific time period or technological level?
Is your character's setting a modern-day or contemporary one?
Is your character's setting a futuristic or science fiction one (e.g., advanced technology, space)?
Is your character's setting a historical or past one (e.g., medieval, ancient, steampunk)?
Is your character's setting a fantasy one (e.g., magic, mythological creatures, low tech)?
Is your character's setting a post-apocalyptic or dystopian one?
Is your character's setting a blend of multiple time periods or technologies?
Is your character's primary environment a specific type of geographical location?
Is your character's environment an urban one (e.g., city, town, metropolis)?
Is your character's environment a rural or wilderness one (e.g., forest, plains, mountains, farm)?
Is your character's environment an aquatic or underwater one?
Is your character's environment an aerial or sky-based one?
Is your character's environment an underground or subterranean one (e.g., caves, dungeons, sewers)?
Is your character's environment an alien planet or outer space?
Is your character's reality a specific type of world or dimension?
Is your character's reality the real world (e.g., Earth, known history)?
Is your character's reality a fictional world or universe (e.g., from a specific book, game, movie)?
Is your character's reality a digital or virtual one (e.g., inside a game, internet)?
Is your character's reality a dream world or spiritual realm?
Does your character have distinctive communication or speech patterns?
Does your character use a specific catchphrase or repeated phrase?
Does your character have an unusual vocalization (e.g., growls, chirps, clicks, honks)?
Does your character have a unique speaking manner (e.g., stutter, lisp, distinct accent)?
Is your character generally silent or rarely speaks?
Does your character display specific physical quirks or mannerisms?
Does your character have a distinctive walk or posture?
Does your character often fidget or pace?
Does your character use unusual or signature gestures?
Does your character have a prominent physical tic?
Does your character follow specific routines or engage in recurring actions?
Does your character have a notable daily routine?
Is your character known for regularly performing a specific activity (e.g., reading, training, meditating)?
Does your character have peculiar eating habits (e.g., picky eater, eats unusual items, always eating)?
Does your character have a characteristic personality?
Is your character generally outgoing, social, or extroverted?
Is your character generally shy, introverted, or reserved?
Is your character typically aggressive, confrontational, or easily angered?
Is your character typically calm, stoic, or peaceful?
Is your character generally optimistic, cheerful, or hopeful?
Is your character generally pessimistic, gloomy, or cynical?
Is your character courageous, daring, or fearless?
Is your character timid, fearful, or hesitant?
Is your character curious, inquisitive, or eager to learn?
Is your character impulsive, spontaneous, or reckless?
Is your character logical, analytical, or strategic?
Is your character empathetic, compassionate, or kind?
Is your character selfish, arrogant, or self-centered?
Is your character humorous, playful, or a trickster?
Is your character serious, solemn, or dutiful?
Is your character loyal, trustworthy, or reliable?
Is your character manipulative, deceitful, or treacherous?
Is your character prone to specific recurring emotional states (e.g., anxious, overly confident, dramatic)?
Is your character primarily driven by a clear objective?
Is your character's primary motivation to seek vengeance?
Is your character motivated to protect someone or something?
Is your character's main goal striving for power, knowledge, or personal gain?
Is your character driven by duty, honor, or a specific creed?
Is your character's primary motivation seeking redemption or forgiveness?
Does your character have a primary goal related to justice or order?
Is your character's primary goal fighting for justice or to right wrongs?
Is your character's primary goal working to maintain or restore order?
Is your character's primary goal aiming to cause chaos or disruption?
Is your character driven by a desire for discovery or exploration?
Is your character's primary motivation exploring new places or realms?
Is your character's primary motivation uncovering hidden truths or secrets?
Is your character's motivation tied to a specific relationship or group?
Is your character's main goal tied to family or loved ones?
Is your character's primary goal striving for the success or well-being of a group or community?
Does your character have a simple or mundane motivation?
Is your character primarily driven by basic needs (e.g., food, shelter, comfort)?
Is your character's primary goal seeking leisure or entertainment?
Is your character's main goal simply to survive?
Does your character have a significant origin story or defining past event in their backstory?
Does your character's origin involve their birth or creation?
Are your character's current abilities or form part of their birth origin?
Does your character's origin involve being created, built, or brought to life through artificial means (e.g., a robot, a homunculus)?
Does your character's backstory include a transformative event or accident that shaped them?
Has a specific traumatic event or accident transformed your character's origin or abilities?
Has a magical or supernatural event altered your character's origin or powers?
Is your character's transformation in their backstory due to a scientific experiment?
Does your character's backstory involve a tragic or difficult past?
Has your character experienced a significant loss or betrayal in their past backstory?
Has your character overcome a major adversity or oppression in their past backstory?
Does your character have a mysterious or unknown origin story?
Is your character's exact origin unknown even to themselves in their backstory?
Is your character's origin deliberately hidden or shrouded in mystery in their backstory?
Does your character's origin involve being from another time or dimension?
Is your character a time traveler from the past or future as part of their origin?
Is your character from an alternate dimension or reality as part of their origin?
Does your character's life status indicate they are currently alive?
Is your character living in a typical biological sense?
Is your character physically alive but in an altered state (e.g., comatose, transformed)?
Does your character's existence involve being deceased or undead?
Is your character a zombie, ghoul, or other reanimated corpse in their existence?
Is your character a vampire or other blood-drinking undead in their existence?
Is your character a ghost, spirit, or other non-corporeal undead in their existence?
Does your character's existence primarily involve being an artificial construct?
Is your character a golem, doll, or inanimate object brought to life in their existence?
Is your character a magical construct or automaton in their existence?
Does your character's existence involve a unique or unusual state of being?
Is your character a dream being, illusion, or purely conceptual existence?
Is your character a being of pure energy or elemental force in their existence?
Is your character trapped in a unique dimensional or temporal state of existence?
Is your character's unique existence unidentifiable or irrelevant?
Does your character have any physical disabilities or significant impairments as a physical limitation?
Does your character have a visual impairment (e.g., blind, severely near-sighted)?
Does your character have a hearing impairment (e.g., deaf, hard of hearing)?
Does your character have a missing limb or a limb that does not function normally?
Does your character have a mobility impairment (e.g., uses a wheelchair, difficulty walking)?
Does your character have a chronic illness or condition?
Does your character possess any artificial body parts or cybernetic enhancements?
Does your character have cybernetic limbs or prosthetics?
Does your character have internal cybernetic enhancements or implants?
Does your character possess unusual biological functions or physical enhancements?
Can your character breathe underwater or in environments without air?
Can your character photosynthesize or derive energy from unusual sources?
Can your character regenerate quickly from injuries?
Does your character have enhanced senses (e.g., super sight, super hearing, heightened smell)?
Does your character have an unusual lifespan or physical endurance?
Is your character immortal or cannot die from natural causes?
Is your character exceptionally long-lived (e.g., lives for centuries or millennia)?
Is your character capable of extreme physical endurance or resilience?
Does your character have any specific physical vulnerabilities as a limitation?
Is your character allergic to a common substance (e.g., specific material, food)?
Is your character susceptible to a specific type of magic or energy?
Does your character have a specific weakness that could lead to their defeat?
Does your character have a central narrative role or importance?
Is your character a protagonist or the primary main character of their story?
Is your character an antagonist or the primary villain in their story?
Is your character a significant supporting character with a major impact on the narrative of their story?
Does your character serve a specific narrative function or supporting role?
Is your character a mentor, guide, or teacher figure in the narrative of their story?
Is your character a loyal sidekick or companion to a main character in their story?
Is your character primarily a comic relief character in the narrative of their story?
Is your character a plot device or a character who exists mainly to advance the story?
Is your character a minor or background character in a narrative?
Is your character a recurring minor character in the narrative of their story?
Is your character a one-time appearance or background character in the narrative of their story?
Does your character primarily travel on foot as their main mode of movement?
Does your character run at exceptionally high speeds as part of their movement?
Does your character climb or scale surfaces as a primary mode of movement?
Does your character burrow or dig as a primary mode of movement?
Does your character have an unusual or distinctive gait or walking style for their movement?
Does your character typically use a specific type of vehicle for travel?
Does your character use a land-based vehicle (e.g., car, bike, tank, train) for travel?
Does your character use an air-based vehicle (e.g., plane, helicopter, personal flying device) for travel?
Does your character use a water-based vehicle (e.g., boat, submarine) for travel?
Does your character use a space-based vehicle or spacecraft for travel?
Does your character use a magical or fantastical vehicle for travel?
Does your character primarily move by flying or levitating?
Does your character fly using wings or biological means for their movement?
Does your character fly or levitate using magical or supernatural powers for their movement?
Does your character use technology or equipment to fly or levitate for their movement?
Does your character use teleportation or other magical/supernatural means of movement for travel?
Can your character teleport short or long distances as a form of movement?
Can your character use portals or dimensional travel as a means of movement?
Can your character possess or shift between bodies for movement?
Can your character use other magical or supernatural means of movement?
Is your character in peak physical condition or exceptionally healthy?
Does your character possess remarkable stamina or endurance as part of their physical condition?
Does your character rarely get sick or fall ill?
Is your character often ill, sickly, or suffering from poor health?
Does your character frequently experience illness or disease?
Is your character generally frail or weak due to poor health?
Is your character frequently injured or recovering from wounds?
Does your character often sustain injuries in their activities?
Is your character currently recovering from a significant wound or injury?
Does your character have a chronic or ongoing medical condition that affects their daily life?
Does your character require regular medication or treatment for their condition?
Does their condition impose significant limitations on their activities?
Is your character's physical condition or health generally deteriorating?
Is your character aging rapidly or unnaturally?
Is your character suffering from a progressing illness or decay?
Does your character's owner have a significant presence on Video or Live-Streaming Platforms?
Does your character's owner use YouTube?
Does your character's owner create informational or educational videos on YouTube?
Does your character's owner create entertainment videos (e.g., skits, vlogs, reactions) on YouTube?
Does your character's owner stream live content (e.g., art, gaming, Q&A) on YouTube?
Does your character's owner use Twitch?
Does your character's owner stream gaming content on Twitch?
Does your character's owner stream art creation processes on Twitch?
Does your character's owner stream Q&A sessions or discussions on Twitch?
Does your character's owner use TikTok (for short-form video content)?
Does your character's owner stream gaming content on TikTok?
Does your character's owner stream art creation processes on Tiktok?
Does your character's owner stream Q&A sessions or discussions on TikTok?
Does your character's owner use PicartoTV?
Does your character's owner stream gaming content on PicartoTV?
Does your character's owner stream art creation processes on PicartoTV?
Does your character's owner stream Q&A sessions or discussions on PicartoTV?
Does your character's owner have a significant presence on Image or Art-Sharing Platforms?
Does your character's owner have a FurAffinity presence?
Does your character's owner have a DeviantArt presence?
Does your character's owner have an ArtStation presence?
Does your character's owner have an Instagram presence?
Does your character's owner have a Tumblr presence?
Does your character's owner have a Pixiv presence?
Does your character's owner have an Inkbunny presence?
Does your character's owner have a Newgrounds presence?
Does your character's owner have a significant presence on Microblogging or General Social Media Platforms?
Does your character's owner have a Twitter (now X) presence?
Does your character's owner have a Mastodon presence?
Does your character's owner have a Bluesky presence?
Does your character's owner have a Cohost presence?
Does your character's owner have a Threads presence?
Does your character's owner have a Facebook presence (e.g., for pages/groups)?
Does your character's owner have a significant presence on Instant Messaging or Community Chat Platforms?
Does your character's owner have a Telegram presence?
Does your character's owner have a Discord presence?
Does your character's owner have a Matrix presence?
Does your character's owner have a Guilded presence?
Does your character's owner have a Revolt presence?
Does your character's owner have a Signal presence?
Does your character's owner have a significant presence on Written Content Platforms?
Does your character's owner have an Archive of Our Own (AO3) presence?
Does your character's owner have a fanfiction-specific site presence (e.g., FanFiction.net, Wattpad)?
Does your character's owner have a significant presence related to Music or Audio Content Platforms?
Does your character's owner have a SoundCloud presence?
Does your character's owner have a Bandcamp presence?
Does your character's owner have a Spotify?
Does your character's owner have a significant presence on platforms for showcasing Crafted Items / Merchandise?
Does your character's owner have a Dealer's Den presence?
Does your character's owner have an Etsy presence?
Does your character's owner maintain a personal blog or general website?
Does your character's owner maintain use a professional portfolio site?
Is your character primarily involved in content creation within the fandom?
Is your character's owner primarily an artist (e.g., drawing, painting, digital art)?
Is your character's owner primarily a writer (e.g., stories, fanfiction, roleplay)?
Is your character's owner primarily a fursuit maker or cosplayer?
Is your character's owner primarily a musician or audio creator?
Is your character's owner primarily an animator or video creator?
Is your character primarily a content consumer/viewer within the fandom?
Does your character's owner primarily enjoy visual art?
Does your character's owner primarily enjoy written stories or roleplay?
Does your character's owner primarily enjoy music or audio content?
Does your character's owner primarily enjoy videos or streams?
Does your character regularly attend furry conventions?
Does your character's owner frequently attend major international conventions?
Does your character's owner primarily attend local or regional conventions?
Does your character's owner attend conventions as a panelist or presenter?
Does your character's owner attend conventions as a dealer or vendor?
Does your character's owner attend conventions as a regular attendee/participant?
Is your character involved in organizing, volunteering, or leadership roles at furry events or meetups?
Does your character's owner organize large-scale furry conventions or events?
Does your character's owner organize local furry meetups or small gatherings?
Does your character's owner volunteer their time at fandom events?
Does your character's owner hold a leadership position in a fandom organization or community?
Is your character a prominent figure or well-known personality within the furry fandom?
Is your character's owner widely recognized across various platforms or communities?
Is your character's owner well-known within a specific niche of the fandom (e.g., art, music, streaming)?
Is your character's owner known for their positive contributions or influence in the fandom?
Does your character participate in charity efforts or community initiatives within the furry fandom?
Does your character's owner frequently contribute to or organize charity events?
Does your character's owner promote positive values or initiatives within the fandom?
Is your character part of a specific local furry community or group, or actively participates in online discussions?
Does your character's owner actively participate in a specific local furry meet-up group?
Is your character's owner a member of a specific online furry community group or forum?
Does your character actively participate in online furry discussions (e.g., social media, chat groups)?
Does your character own or regularly wear a fursuit?
Does your character primarily wear full fursuits?
Does your character primarily wear partial fursuits?
Does your character wear more than one fursuit?
Is your character known for their fursuit performing or dancing?
Does your character participate in fursuit dance competitions?
Does your character create videos or perform in fursuit regularly?
Is your character known for a specific fursuit character persona during performances?
Does your character march in fursuit parades at conventions?
Does your character make public appearances in fursuit for events or charity?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in North America?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the United States?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in North America?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the United States?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Alabama (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Montgomery (AL, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Alaska (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Juneau (AK, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Arizona (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Phoenix (AZ, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Arkansas (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Little Rock (AR, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in California (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sacramento (CA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Los Angeles (CA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in San Francisco (CA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in San Jose (CA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in San Diego (CA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Colorado (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Denver (CO, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Connecticut (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Hartford (CT, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Delaware (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Dover (DE, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Florida (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tallahassee (FL, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Orlando (FL, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Miami (FL, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tampa (FL, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Georgia (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Atlanta (GA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Hawaii (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Honolulu (HI, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Idaho (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Boise (ID, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Illinois (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Springfield (IL, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Chicago (IL, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Indiana (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Indianapolis (IN, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Iowa (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Des Moines (IA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kansas (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Topeka (KS, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kentucky (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Frankfort (KY, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Louisiana (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Baton Rouge (LA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Maine (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Augusta (ME, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Maryland (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Annapolis (MD, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Massachusetts (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Boston (MA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Michigan (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Lansing (MI, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Detroit (MI, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Minnesota (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in St. Paul (MN, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mississippi (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Jackson (MS, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Missouri (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Jefferson City (MO, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Montana (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Helena (MT, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nebraska (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Lincoln (NE, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nevada (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Carson City (NV, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New Hampshire (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Concord (NH, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New Jersey (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Trenton (NJ, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New Mexico (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Santa Fe (NM, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New York (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Albany (NY, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New York City (NY, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in North Carolina (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Raleigh (NC, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Charlotte (NC, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in North Dakota (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bismarck (ND, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ohio (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Columbus (OH, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cleveland (OH, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cincinnati (OH, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Oklahoma (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Oklahoma City (OK, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Oregon (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Salem (OR, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Pennsylvania (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Harrisburg (PA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Philadelphia (PA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Pittsburgh (PA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Rhode Island (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Providence (RI, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in South Carolina (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Columbia (SC, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in South Dakota (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Pierre (SD, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tennessee (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nashville (TN, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Texas (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Austin (TX, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Houston (TX, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Dallas (TX, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in San Antonio (TX, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Utah (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Salt Lake City (UT, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Vermont (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Montpelier (VT, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Virginia (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Richmond (VA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Norfolk (VA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Virginia Beach (VA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Washington (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Olympia (WA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Seattle (WA, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in West Virginia (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Charleston (WV, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Wisconsin (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Madison (WI, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Wyoming (U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cheyenne (WY, U.S.A.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Washington D.C.?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Canada?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Alberta (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in British Columbia (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Manitoba (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New Brunswick (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Newfoundland and Labrador (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nova Scotia (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ontario (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Prince Edward Island (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Quebec (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Saskatchewan (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Northwest Territories (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nunavut (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Yukon (Canada)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mexico?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Europe?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Albania?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Andorra?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Austria?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Belarus?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Belgium?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bosnia and Herzegovina?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bulgaria?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Croatia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cyprus?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Czechia??
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Denmark?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Estonia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Finland?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in France?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Georgia (Asia/Europe)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Germany?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Greece?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Hungary?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Iceland?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ireland?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Italy?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kosovo?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Latvia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Liechtenstein?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Lithuania?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Luxembourg?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Malta?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Moldova?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Monaco?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Montenegro?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Netherlands?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in North Macedonia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Norway?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Poland?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Portugal?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Romania?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Russia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in San Marino?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Serbia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Slovakia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Slovenia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Spain?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sweden?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Switzerland?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Turkey?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ukraine?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the United Kingdom?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in England?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in London (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Birmingham (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Manchester (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Leeds (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bristol (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Liverpool (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sheffield (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Leicester (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Coventry (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bradford (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nottingham (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Newcastle upon Tyne (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Southampton (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Portsmouth (England, U.K.)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Scotland?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Wales?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Northern Ireland?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Vatican City?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Asia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Afghanistan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Armenia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Azerbaijan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bahrain?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bangladesh?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bhutan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Brunei?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cambodia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in China?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in East Timor?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Georgia (Asia/Europe)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in India?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Indonesia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Iran?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Iraq?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Israel?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Japan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Hokkaido (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Aomori (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Iwate (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Miyagi (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Akita (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Yamagata (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Fukushima (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ibaraki (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tochigi (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Gunma (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Saitama (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Chiba (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tokyo (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kanagawa (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Niigata (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Toyama (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ishikawa (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Fukui (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Yamanashi (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nagano (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Gifu (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Shizuoka (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Aichi (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mie (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Shiga (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kyoto (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Osaka (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Hyogo (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nara (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Wakayama (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tottori (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Shimane (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Okayama (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Hiroshima (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Yamaguchi (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tokushima (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kagawa (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ehime (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kochi (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Fukuoka (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Saga (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nagasaki (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kumamoto (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Oita (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Miyazaki (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kagoshima (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Okinawa (Japan)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Jordan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kazakhstan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kuwait?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kyrgyzstan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Laos?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Lebanon?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Malaysia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Maldives?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mongolia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Myanmar?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nepal?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in North Korea?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Oman?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Pakistan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Palestine?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Philippines?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Qatar?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Saudi Arabia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Singapore?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in South Korea?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sri Lanka?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Syria?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Taiwan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tajikistan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Thailand?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Turkmenistan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in United Arab Emirates?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Uzbekistan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Vietnam?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Yemen?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in South America?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Argentina?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Bolivia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Brazil?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Chile?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Colombia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ecuador?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Guyana?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Paraguay?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Peru?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Suriname?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Uruguay?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Venezuela?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Central America?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Belize?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Costa Rica?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in El Salvador?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Guatemala?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Honduras?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nicaragua?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Panama?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Oceania?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Australia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New South Wales (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sydney (NSW, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Victoria (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Melbourne (VIC, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Queensland (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Brisbane (QLD, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Gold Coast (QLD, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cairns (QLD, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in South Australia (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Adelaide (SA, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Western Australia (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Perth (WA, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tasmania (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Hobart (TAS, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Australian Capital Territory (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Canberra (ACT, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Northern Territory (Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Darwin (NT, Australia)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Fiji?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kiribati?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Marshall Islands?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Micronesia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nauru?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in New Zealand?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Palau?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Papua New Guinea?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Samoa?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Solomon Islands?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tonga?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tuvalu?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Vanuatu?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Africa?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Algeria?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Angola?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Benin?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Botswana?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Burkina Faso?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Burundi?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cabo Verde?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Cameroon?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Central African Republic?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Chad?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Comoros?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in the Republic of Congo (Brazzaville)?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Côte d'Ivoire?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Djibouti?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Egypt?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Equatorial Guinea?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Eritrea?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Eswatini?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ethiopia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Gabon?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Gambia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Ghana?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Guinea?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Guinea-Bissau?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Kenya?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Lesotho?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Liberia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Libya?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Madagascar?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Malawi?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mali?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mauritania?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mauritius?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Morocco?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Mozambique?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Namibia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Niger?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Nigeria?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Rwanda?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sao Tome and Principe?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Senegal?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Seychelles?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sierra Leone?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Somalia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in South Africa?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in South Sudan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Sudan?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tanzania?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Togo?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Tunisia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Uganda?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Zambia?
Does your character's owner primarily reside in Zimbabwe?
Is your character's content primarily focused on sexual or fetish interests?
Does your character's content involve themes of size or transformation?
Is your character's content focused on Vore (ingestion, digestion, or related themes)?
Is your character's content focused on Inflation, Expansion, or Bloating (of body parts or the entire body)?
Is your character's content focused on Muscle or Fat growth/appreciation?
Is your character's content focused on Hyper (oversized body parts)?
Is your character's content focused on Species Change Transformation (TF)?
Is your character's content focused on Age Transformation?
Is your character's content focused on Extreme Body Modification Transformation (e.g., adding or removing limbs, drastic skeletal changes, multiple heads)?
Is your character's content focused on Material or Texture changes Transformation (e.g., turning into stone, slime, rubber, or inanimate objects)?
Does your character's content involve Power Dynamics, Control, or Specific Social Roles?
Is your character's content focused on Dominance, Submission, or BDSM themes?
Is your character's content focused on Bondage, Restraint, or Captivity?
Is your character's content focused on Master/Pet dynamics?
Is your character's content focused on excretions/waste, or containment of related substances?
Is it focused on diapers or ABDL (Adult Baby Diaper Lover) themes?
Is your character's content focused on scat or feces?
Is your character's content focused on urine or watersports?
Is your character's content focused on bodily gases?
Is your character's content focused on farts or flatulence?
Is your character's content focused on burps or belching?
Is your character's content focused on bodily secretions or other fluids?
Is your character's content focused on reproductive fluids (e.g., semen, breeding, cumflation)?
Is your character's content focused on lactation or milk?
Is your character's content focused on sweat or musk?
Is your character's content focused on saliva?
Is your character's content focused on blood?
Is your character's content focused on tears?
Is your character's content focused on slob, messy, or unhygienic themes?
Is your character's content focused on specific clothing, materials, or attire?
Is your character's content focused on Latex, Rubber, or shiny materials?
Is your character's content focused on Leather?
Is your character's content focused on specific uniforms, costumes, or roleplay attire?
Is your character's content focused on specific body parts or physical features?
Is your character's content focused on SFW (Safe For Work) body parts or physical features?
Is your character's content focused on Paws or Feet?
Is your character's content focused on Maws or Tongues?
Is your character's content focused on Bellies or Guts?
Is your character's content focused on Snouts or Muzzles?
Is your character's content focused on Tails?
Is your character's content focused on Ears?
Is your character's content focused on Arms, Armpits or Muscles?
Is your character's content focused on sexual body parts or physical features?
Is your character's content focused on the Genitalia (penis, testicles, urethra, vagina)?
Is your character's content focused on the Chest Area? (breasts, nipples, moobs)
Is your character's content focused on Butts?
Is your character's content focused on the general appearance, shape, or size of butts?
Is your character's content focused on anal stretching or expansion?
Is your character's content focused on wedgies or butt exposure?
Is your character's content focused on penetration or sex?
Is your character primarily a personal fursona or avatar representing yourself?
Is your character an original character (OC) created for a specific story, game, or independent roleplay?
Is your character a fan-made character (FC) based on an existing fictional universe or franchise (e.g., Pokémon, Zootopia, Star Wars)?
Is your character primarily a mascot, brand character, or associated with a public identity/organization?
Has your character been involved in a significant controversy or drama within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in an illegal or highly unethical conduct controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in an harassment, stalking, or doxxing controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in an abuse (e.g., physical, emotional, sexual) controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in a fraud, scams, or theft controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in misconduct related to content or intellectual property controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in an art theft or plagiarism crontroversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in a non-delivery of commissions or products/services controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in a misuse of intellectual property or community assets controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in public behavioral issues controversy within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in frequent public arguments, outbursts, or excessive negativity controversies within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in a public "call-out" or widespread criticism within the furry fandom?
Has your character been involved in a controversy that led to the individual being ostracized or banned from furry fandom spaces/events?
Has your character been banned from conventions or major fandom events?
Has your character been removed from prominent online communities or groups (e.g., Discord servers, forums)?
Has your character faced widespread social shunning or "cancellation" within the fandom?
Has your character been involved in a controversy that led to formal legal action or incarceration?
Has your character faced criminal charges or legal proceedings (e.g., arrest, trial)?
Has your character been to jail or prison?
Has your character been involved in civil lawsuits as a defendant (e.g., being sued)?
Is your character an Invertebrate Animal?
Is your character a Cold-Blooded Animal?
Is your character a Vertebrate Animal?
Is your character Non-Animal based?
Is your character originated from a known culture or mythology?
Is your character originated from Japanese culture/mythology?
Is your character originated from Greek/Roman culture/mythology
Is your character originated from Norse culture/mythology?
Is your character originated from Egyptian culture/mythology?
Is your character originated from Native/Indigenous culture/mythology?
